
Syntax of shadows:
    box-shadow: h-offset v-offset blur spread color inset;
    eg:
        .div-element { box-shadow: 5px 5px 15px 5px #888888; }
    Note: 
        h & v offset can be controlled in the styles group in the inspect option of the Chrome.

OUTLINES:
    An outline is a line that is drawn around elements, outside the borders, to make the element "stand out". It's commonly used for accessibility purposes, like highlighting focused elements.
        The Syntax for Outlines is as follows:
            outline: width style color;
       width: Sets the outline width.
       style: Determines the style of the outline such as solid, dotted, or dashed.
       color: Sets the outline color.
    Here is an example:
        .button-element:focus { outline: 2px solid blue; } 
    
Differences between Outlines and Borders:
    While both can visually appear similar, outlines differ from borders in a few ways:

        (i)Position: Outlines don't take up space; they're drawn around the element, outside of any border.
        (ii)Offset: Using the outline-offset property, you can set the space between an outline and the edge or border of an element.
        (iii)Width: Borders can have varying widths on different sides, outlines have a uniform width.
        (iv)Rounded Corners: Borders can have rounded corners using border-radius, while outlines generally cannot.

        Here's how the outline-offset property works:

            (i)Positive Values: The outline is drawn outside the border, creating space between the element and the outline. For example, outline-offset: 5px; will create a 5-pixel gap between the outline and the border of the element.

            (ii)Negative Values: The outline is drawn inside the border, overlapping with the content of the element. For example, outline-offset: -2px; will cause the outline to overlap the content of the element by 2 pixels.

            (iii)Zero Value: The outline is drawn directly on the border of the element, with no additional space.